"Cavex": Cave exploration with concavity and convexity.

SPECIFICATIONS
Player navigates a 3D surface, viewed through an isometric projection.
Player can reflect world across the view vector. The terrain appears identical, but concave surfaces become convex and vice-versa. The camera rotates to preserve the direction of acceleration due to gravity.
Player can add triangular tiles to the surface to manipulate the terrain. Due to the concave-convex relationship, adding tiles results in excavations in the alternative view.

--- Step goals ---
PLAYER MOVEMENT
Possible to clip backwards through a mesh. Ideally in a finished map, the terrain meshes are closed which should resolve this.
Maybe don't permit jumping. This way players must gain height through inversions.
Currently the arrow keys adjust position, which appears unnatural when the ball is rolling.
Having keys impart a coplanar force makes more sense, but only applies to a spherical mesh collider.

HIDDEN TERRAIN
Without inferring plane continuity, the player falls through the hole in the floor behind features
Part of the interest was in areas only accessible in one view, where the player can slightly perturb the camera to explore
In this case one mesh is flipped, and two meshes swap visibility

FLIPPING THE PLAYER
Mesh renderer of player is currently spherical, avoiding complications
What are the Euler angles to sensibly rotate a standing object?

CAMERA
Click and drag conical rotation. Will this be perspective or orthographic view?
Alternatively, how about a smaller first person view in addition to the main camera?

COMMENTS THAT DON'T FIT ELSEWHERE
Either build the world in 3D and eviscerate occlusion, or draw as on isometric paper and infer 3D structure from edge concavity
What order are the Start() routines called in for inherited objects?
Triangulation
To apply Unity's physics engine, add a RigidBody component to the sphere.
Setting the ball's velocity to zero prior to flipping doesn't seem necessary. In fact, without adds an interesting mechanism of "creating" momentum.

The ball's Y position is drifting from 0.5 after repeat flips. With a RigidBody on the sphere this is irrelevant.

Reflection probe zone: Objects enter it, they receive the cube map defined by the origin of the probe.
The sphere is not reflective, the *floor* is. So "size" irrelevant with only one probe in the scene?
"The zones of the full set of probes should collectively cover all areas of the scene where a reflective object might pass."
Why does the reflection look so terrible, regardless of resolution? Gah.

Inactivating an object means it can't run it's own script to reactivate itself.
Instead, disable the Mesh Collider and Mesh Renderer

Sod's Law, I got the triangles inside out.

Need to extend the ground plane to stop the floor of the cave poking out.
